Reduced the number of docker images by one `pybamm:latest` (#3992)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CHANGELOG.md

## Breaking changes

> - Removed multiple docker images and reduced it to a single docker image tagged `pybamm/pybamm:latest` with all the solvers (`IDAKLU` and `JAX`) contained in it by default ([#3992](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/3961))

Reviewer: Just rephrasing this sentence a bit to make it clearer + the PR number was incorrect

```suggestion
- Removed multiple Docker images. Here on, a single Docker image tagged `pybamm/pybamm:latest` will be provided with both solvers (`IDAKLU` and `JAX`) pre-installed. ([#3992](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/3992))
```
